"JARNO" rider HMI with odometry.
V2X based collision avoidance - LTE/5G.
Automated vehicle sends position and route.
Motorcycle receives vehicle route
and warns wider for collision risk.
User interface for motorcycle speed and safety margin -
data received and processed from V2X gateway.
Left turning in intersection -
motorcycle receives warning message.
Connected road side unit
Connected motorcycle
Intelligence road side unit calculates collision
risk based on vehicle route and motorcycle odometry.
Radar based front vehicle
detection in adverse weather.
Motorcycle estimate driver intention from rider
interaction (turning sign, brake force/acceleration).